README.md, before:

# react-transform-catch-errors

A [React Transform](https://github.com/gaearon/babel-plugin-react-transform) that catches errors inside `render()` function and renders a React component with an error message instead.

It’s up to you to choose the React component to render an error message. For example, you may use [redbox-react](https://github.com/KeywordBrain/redbox-react) that imitates React Native “red screen of death”.

## Installation

First, install the [Babel plugin](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/gaearon/babel-plugin-react-transform):

```
npm install --save-dev babel-plugin-react-transform
```

Then, install the transform:

```
npm install --save-dev react-transform-catch-errors
```

Finally, install the component for rendering errors, for example:

```js
npm install --save-dev redbox-react
```

You may also use a custom component instead.

Now edit your `.babelrc` to include `extra.babel-plugin-react-transform`.  
It must be an array of the transforms you want to use:

```js
{
  "stage": 0,
  "env": {
    // only enable it when process.env.NODE_ENV is 'development' or undefined    "development": {
      "plugins": ["react-transform"],
      "extra": {
        // must be defined and be an array
        "react-transform": [{
          "target": "react-transform-catch-errors",
          // now go the imports!
          "imports": [

            // the first import is your React distribution
            // (if you use React Native, pass "react-native" instead)

            "react",

            // the second import is the React component to render error
            // (it can be a local path too, like "./src/ErrorReporter")

            "redbox-react",

            // the third import is OPTIONAL!
            // when specified, its export is used as options to the reporter.
            // see specific reporter's docs for the options it needs.

            // "./src/reporterOptions"
          ]
        }]
        // note: you can put more transforms into array
        // this is just one of them!
      }
    }
  }
}
```

**It is up to you to ensure that the transform is not enabled when you compile the app in production mode.** The easiest way to do this is to put React Transform configuration inside `env.development` in `.babelrc` and ensure you’re calling `babel` with `NODE_ENV=production`. See [babelrc documentation](https://babeljs.io/docs/usage/babelrc/#env-option) for more details about using `env` option.

## License

MIT

Commit message:

update readme with hinting for document.body rendering

README.md, after:

# react-transform-catch-errors

A [React Transform](https://github.com/gaearon/babel-plugin-react-transform) that catches errors inside `render()` function and renders a React component with an error message instead.

It’s up to you to choose the React component to render an error message. For example, you may use [redbox-react](https://github.com/KeywordBrain/redbox-react) that imitates React Native “red screen of death”.

## Installation

First, install the [Babel plugin](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/gaearon/babel-plugin-react-transform):

```
npm install --save-dev babel-plugin-react-transform
```

Then, install the transform:

```
npm install --save-dev react-transform-catch-errors
```

Finally, install the component for rendering errors, for example:

```js
npm install --save-dev redbox-react
```

You may also use a custom component instead.

Now edit your `.babelrc` to include `extra.babel-plugin-react-transform`.  
It must be an array of the transforms you want to use:

```js
{
  "stage": 0,
  "env": {
    // only enable it when process.env.NODE_ENV is 'development' or undefined    "development": {
      "plugins": ["react-transform"],
      "extra": {
        // must be defined and be an array
        "react-transform": [{
          "target": "react-transform-catch-errors",
          // now go the imports!
          "imports": [

            // the first import is your React distribution
            // (if you use React Native, pass "react-native" instead)

            "react",

            // the second import is the React component to render error
            // (it can be a local path too, like "./src/ErrorReporter")

            "redbox-react",

            // the third import is OPTIONAL!
            // when specified, its export is used as options to the reporter.
            // see specific reporter's docs for the options it needs.

            // "./src/reporterOptions"
          ]
        }]
        // note: you can put more transforms into array
        // this is just one of them!
      }
    }
  }
}
```

**It is up to you to ensure that the transform is not enabled when you compile the app in production mode.** The easiest way to do this is to put React Transform configuration inside `env.development` in `.babelrc` and ensure you’re calling `babel` with `NODE_ENV=production`. See [babelrc documentation](https://babeljs.io/docs/usage/babelrc/#env-option) for more details about using `env` option.

## Hints

Make sure your react-app is not attached to `document.body` as the client-overlay will render into `document.body`.
Attaching the react root-node to `document.body` requires extra caution, as many third-party packages will append their markup to the body as well. React will replace the entire contents in the body on every re-render. Thus you will not see the additional markup.
Better provide a `#root`-Element.

```js
import React from 'react'
import { App } from 'app'

React.render(<App />, document.getElementById('root'))
```

## License

MIT
